Add contributor-targeted description of the PR workflow. (#12016)
mistercrunch/Airflow: CONTRIBUTING.rst

3. Re-run static code checks again.

4. Make sure your commit has a good title and description of the context of your change, enough
   for the committer reviewing it to understand why you are proposing a change. Make sure to follow other
   PR guidelines described in `pull request guidelines <#pull-request-guidelines>`_.
   Create Pull Request! Make yourself ready for the discussion!

5. Depending on "scope" of your changes, your Pull Request might go through one of few paths after approval.
   We run some non-standard workflow with high degree of automation that allows us to optimize the usage

>    of jobs in Github Actions. Our automated workflows determine the "scope" of changes in your PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   of queue slots in Github Actions. Our automated workflows determine the "scope" of changes in your PR
```

   and send it through the right path:

   * In case of a "no-code" change, approval will generate a comment that the PR can be merged and no
     tests are needed. This is usually when the change modifies some non-documentation related rst
     files (such as this file). No python tests are run and no CI images are built for such PR. Usually
     it can be approved and merged few minutes after it is submitted (unless there is a big queue of jobs).

>    * In case of change involving python code changes or documentation changes, a subset of ful test matrix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * In case of change involving python code changes or documentation changes, a subset of full test matrix
```
